README.md, before:

# Holberton School Low Level Programming

This repository contains all of the projects done for Holberton School's Low Level Programming track. All of the projects are written in C. The projects follow a styling guide provided for students lovingly known as <a href="https://github.com/holbertonschool/Betty">Betty</a>. All projects are created to run on Ubuntu 14.04 and compiled with the command `gcc -Wall -Wextra -Werror -pedantic`.

### For information on Holberton School look <a href="https://www.holbertonschool.com/">here</a>.

## Other projects

Below are some of the other bigger projects that I have worked on.

### <a href="https://github.com/corbin-coleman/simple_shell">Shell</a>
A recreation of a very simple Linux shell

### <a href="https://github.com/corbin-coleman/printf">Printf</a>
A recreation of the C standard library function printf

### <a href="https://github.com/corbin-coleman/AirBnB_clone_v4">AirBnB Clone</a>
A basic clone of the AirBnB website written in Python

### <a href="https://github.com/corbin-coleman/Call_Me_Moby">Call Me Moby</a>
A SMS Docker Container Management System (2nd place at a Docker Hackathon 2017)

### <a href="https://github.com/corbin-coleman/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/tree/master/maze">Maze</a>
A simple 3D maze written in C using SDL2 and ray casting for graphics

## Authors
Corbin Coleman \<corbin.coleman@holbertonschool.com> <a href="https://twitter.com/CorbinMColeman">@CorbinMColeman</a>

Commit message:

Add descriptions of some sub-directories

README.md, after:

# Holberton School Low Level Programming

This repository contains all of the projects done for Holberton School's Low Level Programming track. All of the projects are written in C. The projects follow a styling guide provided for students lovingly known as <a href="https://github.com/holbertonschool/Betty">Betty</a>. All projects are created to run on Ubuntu 14.04 and compiled with the command `gcc -Wall -Wextra -Werror -pedantic`.

### For information on Holberton School look <a href="https://www.holbertonschool.com/about">here</a>.

## Projects in Repository
- <a href="https://github.com/corbin-coleman/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/tree/master/0x00-hello_world">**0x00-hello_world**</a>: Project for learning how to compile C projects on a Linux machine, as well as some basic C program files.
- <a href="https://github.com/corbin-coleman/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/tree/master/0x01-variables_if_else_while">**0x01-variables_if_else_while**</a>: Project introducing variables, if/else statements, and while loops.
- <a href="https://github.com/corbin-coleman/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/tree/master/0x02-functions_nested_loops">**0x02-functions_nested_loops**</a>: Project introducing the creation of functions and nested loops.
- <a href="https://github.com/corbin-coleman/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/tree/master/0x03-more_functions_nested_loops">**0x03-more_functions_nested_loops**</a>: Project with more advanced usage of functions and nested loops.

## Other projects

Below are some of the other bigger projects that I have worked on.

### <a href="https://github.com/corbin-coleman/simple_shell">Shell</a>
A recreation of a very simple Linux shell

### <a href="https://github.com/corbin-coleman/printf">Printf</a>
A recreation of the C standard library function printf

### <a href="https://github.com/corbin-coleman/AirBnB_clone_v4">AirBnB Clone</a>
A basic clone of the AirBnB website written in Python

### <a href="https://github.com/corbin-coleman/Call_Me_Moby">Call Me Moby</a>
A SMS Docker Container Management System (2nd place at a Docker Hackathon 2017)

### <a href="https://github.com/corbin-coleman/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/tree/master/maze">Maze</a>
A simple 3D maze written in C using SDL2 and ray casting for graphics

## Authors
Corbin Coleman \<corbin.coleman@holbertonschool.com> <a href="https://twitter.com/CorbinMColeman">@CorbinMColeman</a>
